hey guys what's going on welcome back to
my channel if you guys new welcome today
is a makeup tutorial and this tutorial
is based on my pink lips as you can see
yes I have on pink lipstick I've said it
before in my previous videos if you have
not seen any of them I am NOT a fan of
pink I think pink looks a little bit
crazy on me but this lipstick oh my god
I put it on and I fell in love so I want
to do a tutorial on it so it's basically
really really simple eyes with a bold
lip the eyes are more warm tone and the
lips are more a cool tone I wanted to
play with those type of tones and not
just do cool and cool or you know warm
and warm I wanted to do both so I came
up with this look it's very simple you
can wear it during the day I would
definitely do this when it's more spring
more summer because the lips are so
bright and vibrant yeah I love this I'm
filming on my new camera as I said it
before I don't know why this Kim was
like two hundred and something dollars
worth of value I got it for like a
hundred and fifty but it's so grainy I
don't understand why I looks like that
but anyway umm yeah so you will think
the Seaview like to be this material
please you watch okay guys so four times
think what I did was I already primed my
eyes and added a little bit of concealer
to give my eyelid one color so what
we're gonna do now is we're gonna go in
with roll by Mac and it's like an orange
brownish color and I'm going to add this
to my crease
that's what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take rule a by wet-and-wild and I'm
going to apply this to my brow bone and
I'm just going to use my angled brush
for that
next what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take a brown script by Mac and I'm
going to apply this all over our mother
that's what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take embark and I'm going to apply
this to my outer V area
next what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take my Sephora eye Kohl pencil in
chocolate and I'm going to apply this to
my lower waterline and a little bit on
my lash line lower lash line
do is I'm just gonna take embark and I'm
just going to add this to my lower lash
line just a little bit just as much out
that Kohl pencil
next I'm going to do is I'm just going
to take my eyeliner pen by a physician
formula and I'm just going to apply this
to my upper lash line
you
okay guys someone back I already did my
foundation of course and I've actually
contoured my face just a little bit so
the next thing I'm going to do is add a
blush and I'm going to use Redwood by
Jordana and it's like a reddish pinky
color and I'm just going to apply this
really to the apples of my cheek
okay so the next thing I'm gonna do is
just add a little bit of highlight and
I'm going to use in my extra sand it's a
blush but I don't know why it's a blush
it's pretty gold no no I'm good it just
needs a little ankle brush for this and
I'm going to lay this right on top of my
lunch
hey guys so finally what we're gonna do
is the lips and of course as you know
I'm gonna use shocking coral by
Maybelline it's a new vivid lipstick and
I think it's the best color that they
have in the whole line just show you
like from the two and I'm going to line
my lips with fuchsia by NYX I'm gonna
apply this first though
so here's a final look and I hope you
guys like this video and I'll see you
guys next time bye